Updated doc for protobuf-import (#500)
arr-ai/arrai: docs/std-encoding.md

| example | equals |
|:-|:-|
| `//encoding.json.decode('{"hi": "abc", "hello": 123}')` | `{'hello': 123, 'hi': (s: 'abc')}` |

> ## `//encoding.proto.decode(proto <: bytes, rootModule <: string, message <: protocol buffers message) <: tuple`

Reviewer: Also I only just now realised that the need for `'Module`' breaks the symmetry a bit, so the function needs two args in the first case and three in the second. That's kinda okay, but it suggests we could probably have just omitted the `//encoding.proto.proto` flag in the first place :/. But it's okay for now.

This method accepts [protocol buffers message](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf) information and data, and transfroms to a built-in arrai value.

Sample code for [Sysl](https://github.com/anz-bank/sysl) protocol buffers message converting to arrai value:

```arrai
let sysl = //encoding.proto.decode(//encoding.proto.proto, //os.file('../translate/pb/test/sysl.pb'));
let decodeSyslPb = //encoding.proto.decode(sysl);
let shop = decodeSyslPb('Module', //os.file('../translate/pb/test/petshop.pb'));
shop.apps('PetShopApi').attrs('package').s
```

It will output

```arrai
'io.sysl.demo.petshop.api'
```

> Currently, it has to follow the code above to transfrom protocol buffers message to a built-in arrai value.

Author: Yes, I want to say "Currently, you have to do it the way you have to do it.". I have removed as it is easy to cause confusion.

> ```arrai
> let sysl = //encoding.proto.decode(//encoding.proto.proto, //os.file('../translate/pb/test/sysl.pb'));
> ```
> 
> In this code line, `//encoding.proto.proto` is a constant, `//os.file('../translate/pb/test/sysl.pb')` is binary file of protocol buffers message definition file `.proto`.
> 
> ```arrai
> let shop = decodeSyslPb('Module', //os.file("../translate/pb/test/petshop.pb"));
> ```
> 
> In this code line, `'Module'` is the root message type it want to start building arrai value from, `//os.file('../translate/pb/test/petshop.pb')` is binary file of protocol buffers message which is used as data source to build arrai value.

Reviewer: You don't/shouldn't need to repeat the sample code you just showed. Cleaned up a bit:

```suggestion
The first line constructs a protobuf file descriptor. `//encoding.proto.proto` is a constant, requesting a file descriptor as output. `//os.file('translate/pb/test/sysl.pb')` is the binary output of compiling `sysl.proto` with `protoc`.

The second line uses the `sysl` file descriptor to parse `//os.file('translate/pb/test/petshop.pb')`, a compiled Sysl `Module` message.

The output is `shop`, a tuple representing a `Module`. It contains a field `apps`, which maps names to tuple representations of `Application` (and so on).```
